---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "iru_ade_devices Data Source - terraform-provider-iru"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  List all ADE devices in the Iru instance.
---

# iru_ade_devices (Data Source)

List all ADE devices in the Iru instance.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `blueprint_id` (String) Filter by blueprint ID.
- `dep_account` (String) Filter by DEP account.
- `device_family` (String) Filter by device family.
- `model` (String) Filter by model.
- `os` (String) Filter by OS.
- `profile_status` (String) Filter by profile status.
- `serial_number` (String) Filter by serial number.
- `user_id` (String) Filter by user ID.

### Read-Only

- `devices` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--devices))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `devices`

Read-Only:

- `asset_tag` (String) The asset tag of the Device.
- `blueprint_id` (String) The ID of the blueprint assigned to the Device.
- `color` (String) The color of the Device.
- `dep_account` (String) The DEP account of the Device.
- `description` (String) The description of the Device.
- `device_family` (String) The device family of the Device.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the ADE Device.
- `is_enrolled` (Boolean) Whether the device is enrolled.
- `model` (String) The model of the Device.
- `os` (String) The OS of the Device.
- `profile_status` (String) The profile status of the Device.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number of the Device.
- `use_blueprint_routing` (Boolean) Whether the device uses Blueprint Routing.
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the user assigned to the Device.
