---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "iru_custom_app Resource - terraform-provider-iru"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an Iru Custom App library item (PKG, ZIP, or IMG). This resource defines the installation and enforcement settings for custom software. Note: You must handle the file upload to S3 out-of-band and provide the file_key obtained from the Iru upload endpoint.
---

# iru_custom_app (Resource)

Manages an Iru Custom App library item (PKG, ZIP, or IMG). This resource defines the installation and enforcement settings for custom software. Note: You must handle the file upload to S3 out-of-band and provide the `file_key` obtained from the Iru upload endpoint.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `file_key` (String) The S3 key from the upload endpoint.
- `install_enforcement` (String) Options: install_once, continuously_enforce, no_enforcement.
- `install_type` (String) Options: package, zip, image.
- `name` (String) The name for this Custom App.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Whether this Custom App is active and available for installation.
- `audit_script` (String) Required for install_enforcement=continuously_enforce.
- `postinstall_script` (String) Script content to run after the application is installed.
- `preinstall_script` (String) Script content to run before the application is installed.
- `restart` (Boolean) Whether to prompt for or force a restart after successful installation.
- `self_service_category_id` (String) The UUID of the Self Service category to display the app in. Required if `show_in_self_service` is `true`.
- `self_service_recommended` (Boolean) Whether to flag this app as recommended in Self Service.
- `show_in_self_service` (Boolean) Whether to display this app in the Self Service catalog.
- `unzip_location` (String) Required for install_type=zip.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the Custom App.
